Improve API docs (#155)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-task: task-ballerina/Module.md

## Overview

This module provides the functionality to schedule a Ballerina job either once or periodically and to manage the execution of those jobs.

### Jobs and Scheduling

Every scheduling job in Ballerina needs to be represented by a Job object. Therefore, a job class with your custom logic needs to be created to execute it when the task is triggered.

The Task package has the following two scheduling systems to schedule the job:

> - One-time Job Execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One-time job execution
```

> ## Module Overview

Reviewer 2: Just `Overview `

This module provides the functionality to schedule a Ballerina job either once or periodically and to manage the execution of those jobs.

### Jobs and Scheduling

> Every scheduling job in Ballerina needs to be represented by a Job object. Therefore, You need to create a jobs class with your custom logic to execute it when the task is triggered.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Every scheduling job in Ballerina needs to be represented by a Job object. Therefore, a job class with your custom logic needs to be created to execute it when the task is triggered.
```

Reviewer 3: Please avoid using "You", "We", etc.

The Task package has the following two scheduling systems to schedule the job:

- One-time Job Execution
- Frequency-based Job Execution 

#### One-time Job Execution

> This API provides the functionality to schedule a job at a specified date.

Reviewer 3: Correct me if I'm wrong. Is it "specified date" or "specified time"?

Author: Changed to `time`

The following code snippet shows how to schedule a one-time job.

> 

Reviewer 2: Additional space.

Author: Removed in 71fb824a5ad4b1f99955aac7e6b2da30d82fdb61

```ballerina
class Job {

    *task:Job;
    string msg;

    public function execute() {
        io:println(self.msg);
    }

    isolated function init(string msg) {
        self.msg = msg;
    }
}

time:ZoneOffset zoneOffset = {
    hours: 5,
    minutes: 30,
    seconds: <decimal>0.0
};
time:Civil time = {
    year: 2021,
    month: 4,
    day: 13,
    hour: 4,
    minute: 50,
    second: 50.52,
    timeAbbrev: "Asia/Colombo",
    utcOffset: zoneOffset
};

task:JobId result = check task:scheduleOneTimeJob(new Job("Hi"), time);
```

##### Frequency-based Job Execution

This API provides the functionality to schedule jobs on a specific interval either once or periodically by configuring the configuration such as start time, end time, and maximum count.

> The following code snippet shows how to schedule a recurrence job by using this API.

Reviewer 3: `recurrence` or `recurring`?

Author: Changed to `recurring`
